Initial conversion of SLE Micro rn to Leap Micro 5.2 (#1)
openSUSE/release-notes-leap-micro: adoc/known-issues.adoc

[#issue-update-apparmor]
=== AppArmor error messages in log after upgrade

> Leap Micro supports SELinux as the security framework, however, some AppArmor packages are still included because of package dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{producta} supports SELinux as the security framework, however, some AppArmor packages are still included because of package dependencies.
```

> Since they have been reduced since Leap Micro 5.1, it may happen that there are error messages showing in the system journal after upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since they have been reduced since {producta} 5.1, it may happen that there are error messages showing in the system journal after upgrade.
```
